---
layout: page
permalink: /privacy-policy/
---

Last updated: June 27, 2023

This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which we collect, use, maintain, and disclose information collected from visitors ("Visitors" or "You") of my personal blog hosted on GitHub Pages ("the Website"). This Privacy Policy applies to the Website and all products and services offered by me.

## Interpretation and Definitions

# Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

# Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- __Cookies__ are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.

- __Device__ means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

- __Usage Data__ refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

- __Website__ refers to Data Revolution, accessible from [https://joseantonio-nn.github.io/data-revolution/](https://joseantonio-nn.github.io/data-revolution/)

- __You__ means the individual, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Website, as applicable. 

- __Visitors__ refer to individuals who access and browse this blog hosted on GitHub Pages. These individuals interact with the content, features, and services provided on the site without creating user accounts or sharing any personal information. Visitors are anonymous in nature, and their interactions with the website are tracked and analyzed for statistical purposes, such as understanding website traffic, improving user experience, and delivering relevant advertisements. They do not provide identifiable personal data or engage in activities that involve the collection of personal information by the website owner. Visitors may access the website for informational purposes, reading blog posts, or interacting with publicly available content.


## Information I Collect

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.

We utilize Google Analytics to collect non-personal identification information about Visitors when they interact with our Website. This information includes the browser name, the type of computer or device, technical information about Visitors' means of connection to our Site (such as the operating system, Internet service providers utilized, and other similar information).

Additionally, we may use Google AdSense to display ads on our Website. Google AdSense may collect and use data about Visitors' browsing activities to provide personalized advertisements.

## Use of Cookies

Our Website may use cookies to enhance Visitor experience. Cookies are small text files stored on a Visitor's computer to track information about their usage of the Website. Visitors may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies or to alert them when cookies are being sent. However, please note that blocking or rejecting cookies may affect the functionality and performance of the Website.


## Google Analytics and Google AdSense

I have implemented Google Analytics and Google AdSense on my Website to analyze and measure our audience and serve relevant ads. These services use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about Visitors' interactions with the Website and other websites. The information generated by these cookies about Visitors' use of the Website (including their IP address) may be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.

Visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout) or by adjusting their browser settings to refuse cookies. Please refer to Google's Privacy Policy (https://policies.google.com/privacy) for more information on how they collect, use, and protect information.

## Third-Party Websites

The Website may contain links to third-party websites that are not operated by us. We have no control over the content and practices of these websites and are not responsible for their privacy policies or practices. Visitors should review the privacy policies of these third-party websites before providing any personal information or engaging with them.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

I have the discretion to update this Privacy Policy at any time. When I do, I will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. Visitors acknowledge and agree that it is their responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and become aware of any modifications.

## Your Acceptance of These Terms

By using this Website, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Website. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.

## Contact Information

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact me:

By email: janicolasnavarro@protonmail.com